more light that were stupid last words
But he had not thought of any spotlights or neon lights
They are a small car manufacturer from the Allgäu EZA Robert light in the
dark season
and planted the sometimes drab car world with naked numbers
colorful feel threatened women
He agrees that the name for such a cozy car colorful
Button below
sounds like a concert in the woods for
around two gate templates
in fortissimo
with a conductor
runs in peak form
20 years after I replaced her logo Paulis calls the third generation of the
CCR
for the successor only the best was good enough
a self-developed sequential gearbox
was with a diffuser, so to speak
the street is alive
the engine set between the axles boosts the output to 700 hp
that always has something to do with Porsche
and so can the Citi r3 hide the relationship to the penalty barely
at least viewed from the front
the design team and Paris to facts Heckbereich its own form language
found
Of course, under the tin there is no pressure put on the boxer engine
from Zuffenhausen
Carbon brakes Vienna as an anchor for the 1000 sky kilogram light
driving machines
but before the brake is still the speed and that is in the call CTR
broad had claimed
Minute Heiko two seconds should pull the 3
the proof of his membership in the club of the most exclusive sports car of the
Compete world
then he has reached 100 or just under a quarter of his
Top speed
which is loud wuv at 375 kilometers per hour
Body control is a central issue that is especially true for the
right foot
Finally, a power to weight of 2 kilograms
curb ups
it is not in every circle Steinfurt is also a I said yes
June attracts the 3 guests of fine leather
However, not necessarily the taste of the customer decides
over after three years and tray
a car that belongs to the racetrack
fascinating beyond measure
Unfortunately that also applies to the price
Investment of 380000 euros
probably for normal mortals
are conceivable